The most successful people that I know and I'm not just talking about developers I'm talking about all
the successful people that I know are masters of learning.
We all have the same amount of time in the day.
Twenty three hours 56 minutes and twenty six seconds however some people are able to accomplish more
than others.
Why is that.
I'm a big proponent of efficiency.
If you're able to learn something in much less time than somebody else then you can compound the benefit
over your lifetime.
Now I know many people have different learning abilities but this isn't a contest with others.
This is a contest within yourself.
Figure out what makes you successful and learning.
Don't compare yourself to others whether you're a visual learner or maybe you need to take breaks every
30 minutes.
Figure out what your best learning style is.
Learn how to learn.
Don't just watch videos blindly at two times the speed and expect to learn everything.
Find the most efficient way that works for you and keep practicing by learning to learn.
You become a better developer as developers.
We have to constantly learn throughout our career our learning never stops because technology is constantly
evolving.
So if you want to be a successful developer you have to learn your best learning style.
It is better to figure out what makes you tick what makes things clearer for you now then later on in
your career.
Start early.
Figure out what is the best method for you because it's going to be a skill that you're going to use
throughout your career.